hi this video, welcome to this
well the pandoro is advanced a
Christmas bag and at the time of
use it yes i know i've already done a
video with the recipe I made myself
to search when I see it as a category
click here to access the recipe
classic credit what you do
I propose today is a tiramisu recipe
particular also because it is not me
I will do the video object should I do
often cite the fact namely rice
with a variation the use of cream
mounted
so i hope you will like it i like it
a lot would be kangoo tiramisu by now
and now nothing has come to a head in
ingredient of need 500 grams of
mascarpone 125 g of sugar plus 6
spoons to play the cream 500 ml of
fresh cream for whipping coffee parties i
egg yolks and 5 more balls when in
this case I realize the elasticity
why are you politini a bit hungry on
what closed playing together the
tiramisu and recycle the pan or blackmail it
recycling
because if we go to vote and vote
first the egg whites because you can
go quietly to montali shift
because the compound that the egg whites
let's say that the neutral even if dirty
a little mind the two genes also the desire
well
after counting them
but we put them in the fridge while we do
the rest now take the horns there
put the sugar and whip it all together
until the mixture does not cut
it was invaded after having assembled the yolks
with the sugar take the mascarpone
join the yolks and go to the mother from
always manipulate with electric whips
now take the ball put it not
it will continue high enough because otherwise
this knows everything and you put 6 tablespoons
of sugar and 6 and now let's go to
whip the cream
ok well after replacing the cream
add to the mixture of egg yolks and mascarpone
and mix everything from the councilor e
then add the egg whites a little at a time from the
low upwards so as not to make them
unmount and here is the cream at
mascarpone with a wand now
take the league as usual
hit of the fairies but they get us in
myself
and soiled her
then you see the pandoro
I arrived in slices not too thick
not even the last fight
take the slice of wet pandoro e
slightly slightly breaking
the son and then put him here then
now let's go create it
however, slices should only be wetted by one
side because the panel is measured a lot
more so than sauro iardo
quickly once and only once
side and put it deviates as you have seen
do now we are the cream
and now another state
to merge
be nice
django and now let's do another story
so now I haven't told you that if you
you want every layer of cream you can
put a layer of cocoa
I see the end
ok
here is the tiramisu with the ball
I hope centralized liked presence
all my writings because where you are
increasing I invite you to Trento
be useful and see you there
recipe personality to I have to hole all the
Monday so at least you know
in short, when to go and watch gods
video
if you are interested in a big kiss hello
then as you can see from the picture with these
doses
two trays came to me so if you
you only want to make one half the doses
of everything and then I wanted to tell you that if
you want to avoid getting too wet
Pandoro saw that it absorbs much more
of ladyfingers
put the slices directly into the
pan and peculato to wet them with a
spoon